Graphics can be a powerful feature to
add to your story with Cutting Room use
Graphics to add and create captions
titles subtitles bugs credits and much
more when starting to use Graphics note
that you cannot insert them in the
timeline if no video or image has been
added to the main track graphic
templates can easily be imported to
Cutting Room or you can create new
graphics in the editor using the
different Graphics elements and editing
functions we will go into more detail on
these in our other videos graphics and
Cutting Room are also aspect aware any
graphic added in 16 by9 will appear in
all other aspect ratios but the graphics
will adapt to fit the size of the
different aspect ratios when editing
Graphics you can easily navigate between
the different aspect ratios using the
ratio boxes in the top right corner of
the graphics
editor note that adapting a graphic to
better suit a certain aspect ratio will
not change how the graphic looks or is
positioned in the other aspect
ratios if you want to undo all the
changes you made to a graphic in a
specific aspect ratio you can reset that
graphic to its original form